The component will use now allows us to pick a date ionic has a dedicated component that makes picking
dates pretty easy and that offers a lot of features and therefore lets add that component.
Now I'll add a new ion row here and I'll add I an item with the ion label because that date component
will work like a regular form input which is a really good thing and therefore we can use it to get
rid of the label and so on and I'll set the title here to away label from so that users can define for
which timespan they want to offer their place.
And now I will remove the ion input and instead at the ion date time component here and that will give
us a nice date picker.
Now the cool thing is there you can see that Min and a max value and you can of course populate that
dynamically.
You could bind this with square brackets to any value you calculate and typescript for now it will just
bind it to a hard coded values and you enter dates here in the ISO format and you'll find more about
that in the official ionic docs on the daytime component and one valid input for example is a four digit
year then a dash then the month then the day.
So let's say we want to allow dates from January the 1st 2019 all the way up to December thirty first
in 2022 and of course as I said you could calculate this dynamically you could also set a longer range
all the way to 25 whatever you want.
So now this is my available from date time.
Now I actually want to set the available to date time control next to this one therefore I'll change
the size here on small devices.
This should have a width of 3 still have offset of free because I'll add another call them next to it
in the same ion row which has no offset but the same size.
And there I'll have my available cute label and daytime and I'll keep almost the same min and max value
I'll only increase the min value to the 2nd January because well that you have to at least offer it
for one day I guess.
And since this is the lowest value here the lowest value here should be one day.
Beneath that obviously the December value is equal but you can definitely find you this to your requirements.
So now we have all these controls in place.
The buttons are missing though right.
Well here all yet fancy and I'll add my button in the toolbar so I'll add ion buttons here and give
them a slot of primary which should be on the right side of the toolbar on most devices and I'll add
a line button in there.
Which will when clicked trigger on create offer method
and in there I'll add an an icon with a name of checkmark which is well rendering a checkmark icon that
takes you.
I can only slot so that it is style to give us a nice button that only displaced as I can.
Now let's implement t on create offer method in the types could file and for now just log
creating offered to place or something like that.
Now let's have a look at that.
So let's wait for this page to reload.
Now here we are.
And I should probably change the styling where I give every column this red border and the new all four
page SC is as follows.
It certainly will look better without that but with that that looks pretty good.
And you can see if I tap one of these drawers here I got my date picker where I can select a date unsurprisingly
and all the other inputs here all the work as they should and we got this button that correctly calls
this method.
So that is all nice.
Now for the logic how do we handle our inputs here.
How do we let angular know about them and create a form object.